hi this is Dan Griggs Mills Ford Lincoln
Mercury brainer Backstrom Minnesota and
I'm presenting you a 2007 Ford f-150
extended cab 4x4 XLT stock number one
you zero nine zero three one nine you
can see this in the Oxford white clear
coat has nice deep tinted glass some
nice extras on it this is the XLT chrome
package there's going to include the
chrome wheels chrome running boards has
a nice bold three bar chrome grille fog
lamps tow hooks got a nice looking
pinstripe on it here some deep tinted
privacy glass this has power door locks
power windows power driver's seat remote
keyless entry auto headlamps cruise
control here on the steering wheel
CD player shift on the fly four wheel
drive air conditioning overhead console
with storage this is a technically a six
passenger vehicle it's got the center
storage console here this flips up out
of the way and you got a seat belt there
and your back seat is also three
passenger these flip pop out of the way
if you got something big to haul you can
have plenty of storage room there in the
back like with for a cooler or your
hunting gear that type of thing nice
looking truck as you can see the box is
very clean frame is in in really nice
shape there's no visible scratches or
dents on this vehicle excellent
condition this is a 5.4 liter 3-valve v8
engine produces 300 horsepower 364
pounds for the torque you see it's all
detailed up they got it serviced in it's
ready to go
great looking vehicle it does have the
heavy duty transmission oil cooler there
and does have a class three trailer tow
package so this is definitely one worth
checking out Mills Automotive Group has
hundreds of used cars trucks vans and
SUV
all available online at wwe.com our
sales managers spent a lot of time
checking the market to make sure that
our vehicles do give you the most value
for your money every used car purchase
includes a one-year membership in the
Mills Elite advantage program it can
help you save thousands at over two
hundred thousand merchants nationally
you can earn points that you can redeem
towards your future vehicle purchase if
you want to check out this truck or any
of the other we've got dozens of other
trucks here in stock stop by and ask for
me my name is dawn drinks or give me a
call here at Mills Ford brain there
Baxter hope you have a great day